
Advice for Applying Machine Learning

Andrew Ng

In Week 6, you will be learning about systematically improving your learning algorithm.
The videos for this week will teach you how to tell when a learning algorithm is doing 
poorly, and describe the 'best practices' for how to 'debug' your learning algorithm and 
go about improving its performance.

We will also be covering machine learning system design. To optimize a machine learning 
algorithm, you’ll need to first understand where the biggest improvements can be made. 
In these lessons, we discuss how to understand the performance of a machine learning system 
with multiple parts, and also how to deal with skewed data.

When you're applying machine learning to real problems, a solid grasp of this week's content
will easily save you a large amount of work.

More
Evaluating a Learning Algorithm

Deciding What to Try Next5 min
Evaluating a Hypothesis7 min
Evaluating a Hypothesis4 min
Model Selection and Train/Validation/Test Sets12 min
Model Selection and Train/Validation/Test Sets3 min
Bias vs. Variance

Diagnosing Bias vs. Variance7 min
Diagnosing Bias vs. Variance3 min
Regularization and Bias/Variance11 min
Regularization and Bias/Variance3 min
Learning Curves11 min
Learning Curves3 min
Deciding What to Do Next Revisited6 min
Deciding What to do Next Revisited3 min
Review

Lecture Slides10 min
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Quiz: Advice for Applying Machine Learning5 questions
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Programming Assignment: Regularized Linear Regression and Bias/Variance3h
Machine Learning System Design

Andrew Ng

To optimize a machine learning algorithm, you’ll need to first understand where the biggest improvements 
can be made. In this module, we discuss how to understand the performance of a machine learning system 
with multiple parts, and also how to deal with skewed data.

More
Building a Spam Classifier

Prioritizing What to Work On9 min
Prioritizing What to Work On3 min
Error Analysis13 min
Error Analysis3 min
Handling Skewed Data

Error Metrics for Skewed Classes11 min
Trading Off Precision and Recall14 min
Using Large Data Sets

Data For Machine Learning11 min
Review

Lecture Slides10 min
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Quiz: Machine Learning System Design5 questions
