
Logistic Regression

Andrew Ng

Welcome to week 3! This week, we’ll be covering logistic regression. Logistic regression is a method for 
classifying data into discrete outcomes. For example, we might use logistic regression to classify an email
as spam or not spam. In this module, we introduce the notion of classification, the cost function for logistic
regression, and the application of logistic regression to multi-class classification.

We are also covering regularization. Machine learning models need to generalize well to new examples that the
model has not seen in practice. We’ll introduce regularization, which helps prevent models from overfitting 
the training data.

As always, if you get stuck on the quiz and programming assignment, you should post on the Discussions to ask
for help. (And if you finish early, I hope you'll go there to help your fellow classmates as well.

More
Classification and Representation

Classification8 min
Classification2 min
Hypothesis Representation7 min
Hypothesis Representation3 min
Decision Boundary14 min
Decision Boundary3 min
Logistic Regression Model

Cost Function10 min
Cost Function3 min
Simplified Cost Function and Gradient Descent10 min
Simplified Cost Function and Gradient Descent3 min
Advanced Optimization14 min
Advanced Optimization3 min
Multiclass Classification

Multiclass Classification: One-vs-all6 min
Multiclass Classification: One-vs-all3 min
Review

Lecture Slides10 min
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Quiz: Logistic Regression5 questions
Regularization

Andrew Ng

Machine learning models need to generalize well to new examples that the model has not seen in practice. In this module, we introduce regularization, which helps prevent models from overfitting the training data.

Solving the Problem of Overfitting

The Problem of Overfitting9 min
The Problem of Overfitting3 min
Cost Function10 min
Cost Function3 min
Regularized Linear Regression10 min
Regularized Linear Regression3 min
Regularized Logistic Regression8 min
Regularized Logistic Regression3 min
Review

Lecture Slides10 min
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Quiz: Regularization5 questions
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Programming Assignment: Logistic Regression3h
