
Introduction

Andrew Ng

Welcome to Machine Learning! This week, we introduce the core idea of teaching a computer to learn concepts using data—without being explicitly programmed.

We are going to start by covering linear regression with one variable. Linear regression predicts a real-valued output based on an input value. We discuss the application of linear regression to housing price prediction, present the notion of a cost function, and introduce the gradient descent method for learning.

We’ll also have optional lessons that provide a refresher on linear algebra concepts. Basic understanding of linear algebra is necessary for the rest of the course, especially as we begin to cover models with multiple variables. If you feel confident in your understanding of linear algebra, feel free to take a break or help other students out in the forums.

More
Welcome

Welcome to Machine Learning!1 min
Machine Learning Honor Code8 min
Introduction

Welcome6 min
What is Machine Learning?7 min
Resume
What is Machine Learning?5 min
How to Use Discussion Forums4 min
Supervised Learning12 min
Supervised Learning4 min
Unsupervised Learning14 min
Unsupervised Learning3 min
Who are Mentors?3 min
Get to Know Your Classmates8 min
Frequently Asked Questions11 min
Review

Lecture Slides20 min
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Quiz: Introduction5 questions
Other Materials

Machine Learning Course Wiki6 min
Linear Regression with One Variable

Andrew Ng

Linear regression predicts a real-valued output based on an input value. We discuss the application of linear regression to housing price prediction, present the notion of a cost function, and introduce the gradient descent method for learning.

More
Model and Cost Function

Model Representation8 min
Model Representation3 min
Cost Function8 min
Cost Function3 min
Cost Function - Intuition I11 min
Cost Function - Intuition I4 min
Cost Function - Intuition II8 min
Cost Function - Intuition II3 min
Parameter Learning

Gradient Descent11 min
Gradient Descent3 min
Gradient Descent Intuition11 min
Gradient Descent Intuition3 min
Gradient Descent For Linear Regression10 min
Gradient Descent For Linear Regression6 min
Review

Lecture Slides20 min
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Quiz: Linear Regression with One Variable5 questions
Linear Algebra Review

Andrew Ng

This optional module provides a refresher on linear algebra concepts. Basic understanding of linear algebra is necessary for the rest of the course, especially as we begin to cover models with multiple variables.

Linear Algebra Review

Matrices and Vectors8 min
Matrices and Vectors2 min
Addition and Scalar Multiplication6 min
Addition and Scalar Multiplication3 min
Matrix Vector Multiplication13 min
Matrix Vector Multiplication2 min
Matrix Matrix Multiplication11 min
Matrix Matrix Multiplication2 min
Matrix Multiplication Properties9 min
Matrix Multiplication Properties2 min
Inverse and Transpose11 min
Inverse and Transpose3 min
Review

Lecture Slides10 min
Practice Quiz: Linear Algebra5 questions
