
Linear Regression with Multiple Variables

Andrew Ng

Welcome to week 2! I hope everyone has been enjoying the course and learning a lot! This week we’re covering linear regression with multiple variables. we’ll show how linear regression can be extended to accommodate multiple input features. We also discuss best practices for implementing linear regression.

We’re also going to go over how to use Octave. You’ll work on programming assignments designed to help you understand how to implement the learning algorithms in practice. To complete the programming assignments, you will need to use Octave or MATLAB.

As always, if you get stuck on the quiz and programming assignment, you should post on the Discussions to ask for help. (And if you finish early, I hope you'll go there to help your fellow classmates as well.)

More
Environment Setup Instructions

Setting Up Your Programming Assignment Environment8 min
Installing MATLAB3 min
Installing Octave on Windows3 min
Installing Octave on Mac OS X (10.10 Yosemite and 10.9 Mavericks and Later)10 min
Installing Octave on Mac OS X (10.8 Mountain Lion and Earlier)3 min
Installing Octave on GNU/Linux7 min
More Octave/MATLAB resources10 min
Multivariate Linear Regression

Multiple Features8 min
Multiple Features3 min
Gradient Descent for Multiple Variables5 min
Gradient Descent For Multiple Variables2 min
Gradient Descent in Practice I - Feature Scaling8 min
Gradient Descent in Practice I - Feature Scaling3 min
Gradient Descent in Practice II - Learning Rate8 min
Gradient Descent in Practice II - Learning Rate4 min
Features and Polynomial Regression7 min
Features and Polynomial Regression3 min
Computing Parameters Analytically

Normal Equation16 min
Normal Equation3 min
Normal Equation Noninvertibility5 min
Normal Equation Noninvertibility2 min
Submitting Programming Assignments

Working on and Submitting Programming Assignments3 min
Programming tips from Mentors10 min
Review

Lecture Slides20 min
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Quiz: Linear Regression with Multiple Variables5 questions
Octave/Matlab Tutorial

Andrew Ng

This course includes programming assignments designed to help you understand how to implement the learning algorithms in practice. To complete the programming assignments, you will need to use Octave or MATLAB. This module introduces Octave/Matlab and shows you how to submit an assignment.

More
Octave/Matlab Tutorial

Basic Operations13 min
Moving Data Around16 min
Computing on Data13 min
Plotting Data9 min
Control Statements: for, while, if statement12 min
Vectorization13 min
Review

Lecture Slides10 min
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Quiz: Octave/Matlab Tutorial5 questions
The course has ended. Assignments may not be resubmitted.
Programming Assignment: Linear Regression3h
